# Module1-Projects
 ApplePicker, Mission Demolition and Prototype 1

Prototype #1: Snake Game
Immediately after Professor Crosbie explained the contents needed to be apart of the game prototype: using a combination of the game design and code mechanics from Roll-a-ball, ApplePicker, and Mission Demolition, I instantly thought of recreating/basing my game concept on the Snake game. I wanted to use the Mission Demolition launching the projectile from the Slingshot game mechanic as a way for the Snake to move across the board and retrieve the apples to grow. In addition, I also wanted to use the Roll-a-ball colliding with collectibles and disappearing game mechanics with the Snake eating all the apples provided to him on the board and having its body grow long and long, having it eventually die by touching itself or one of the walls. Unfortunately, I tried using these two critical and important mechanics to create my game image, but was unable to successfully implement the drag and throw of the Slingshot of Mission Demolition for the slithering motion of the Snake to eat apples, have the apples disappear from the board, and have the apples disappear from the board. Instead, I used the Left and Right arrow keys to have the Snake’s body move from side-to-side to eat the apples on the gameboard. Additionally, I wanted to make each apple collectible appear once the first one before it was eaten by the Snake, but was unable to be executed due to lack of time and not knowing how to do that. 

The overall purpose of this project was to create a game challenging enough for the player to play, while unconsciously persuading, motivating, and encouraging them to get all the apples to make the Snake grow as long as it possibly can without resulting in a GAME OVER! from touching itself or the walls. The framework I based my version of the Snake game on is the MDA framework. The main mechanics of the game is having the Snake slither across the board to eat all of the apples and the dynamic has the Snake interacting/colliding with the apple. If the final prototype was finished and implemented, I would want my artwork to be more aesthetically pleasing to the eye and more complicated. This would affect the overall aesthetics on how and if the player enjoys the experience they are gaining from playing the game. I would like the players playing my game to just feel accomplished and encouraged to finish the game fully by eating all of the apples and not hitting a body part or wall.

